#0th Meeting#
##2/4/2016##

-Discussed club goals.

-Decided bureaucratic club positions.

-Discussed ideas for future meetings.

-Discussed ideas for competitive projects.

-Discussed Michele's server project.

-Michele suggested that we convert to a funded club.

-Discussed ACM-ICPC.

***


#1st Meeting#
##2/11/2016##

-Discussed posting content to the SaddlebackCSS GitHub repository.

-Discussed the Spring Break-themed game design contest.

-Ethan presents "Autonomous Car" contest.

-Anthony presents Virtualization.

***
